properly display enumeration mappings from included mappings (#901)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/forty-drinks-scream.md

---
'@finos/legend-studio': patch
---

> Show enumeration mappings from dependencies in mapping editor.

Reviewer: Let's update these as discussed :)

> Display mapping element from the included mapping in its corresponding mapping editor tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Correctly display mapping elements from the included mappings in their corresponding mapping editor tab
```
